font-family = Berkeley Mono 
font-thicken = false 
bold-is-bright = false
adjust-box-thickness = 0
background-opacity = 0.9
cursor-style = block 
cursor-opacity = 1
cursor-style-blink = true
window-padding-x = 10
adjust-cursor-thickness = 1
window-padding-y = 6
window-padding-balance = true
window-padding-color = background
window-inherit-working-directory = true
window-inherit-font-size = true
window-decoration = false
#
theme = catppuccin-mocha 
window-theme = ghostty
font-size = 13 
gtk-titlebar = false
resize-overlay = never
copy-on-select = false
confirm-close-surface = false
mouse-hide-while-typing = true

gtk-single-instance = true 
gtk-wide-tabs = false
gtk-tabs-location = bottom
